Bootstrap is a program where it provides you tools, components, and much more to get started. It can make
your workflow very fast. It features responsive and mobile first pages.

Here are some important instructions when using bootstrap:

1) Download the starter template before you can start adding the content.

2) Start creating the website by starting with mobile first. As you make the screen larger, you can
use the bootstrap version of media queries by using sm, md, lg, xl, and xxl.

3)Responsive images: In bootstrap, in order to make images responsive, all you need is to use "img-fluid"
which makes the max-width:100%; and the height auto.

4) Using bootstrap grid is very powerful, because you have control of making responsive states. You can control
when you want your content to be displayed in rows or column. It has a containers, rows and columns. There are 12
columns in bootstrap grid. You can control how many space an item wants to take. But it should add to 12 columns or 
less. 

Here are some of the components that were used on the website:

Cards: Cards can expand or shrink, but still makes the website responsive. You can also use Bootstrap
grid to get the cards to be placed in different position or you can make them take up to 12 space by 
using columns and rows. Inside the cards, you can have things like title, images, text, buttons, and more.

Buttons: In bootstrap, you do not need to use the button tags, because it will give you 
  <a href="#" class="btn btn-warning">Buy Now</a> for example. It is an anchor tag, with a class of
  btn btn-warning.

Badges: Badges are basically labels. For example, it is good to let users know if the item is new, or it is exclusive.

Alert: It gives users reaction by displaying important messages with a background color to indicate good, warning,
or danger news.

Custom Nav Bar: The nav bar that is used in this assignment is very simple and easy to make. The nav bar will 
start displaying as a column on mobile screen, to make it appear in a bigger screen, you will have to use navbar-expand-md
to make it bigger when the screen size is medium in this example.

Pagination: It provides a lot of links that will take you from one page to another. It is not a navbar because 
it will bring you to a different page full of specific items. Nav bar is used to bring you to pages like about, 
contact... Pagination will bring you to a more specific pages or pages with a lot of items. That is why when 
you have an online store, it is always good to more pagination because you might have hundreds of items.
